So basically we're looking for a stock that has broken or about to break the trigger point. Based on the action and its timing around the point, we gotta decide whether to enter the position and what risk to allocate.
The volume has to be at least somehow reasonable to trade BMO and AMC.

1. If it breaks and perfectly retests the trigger, then enter on 1-2-3min candle b/o with 1 additional re-entry (if it sweeps you out, but still holding).
    1.1 If there's also VWAP (AWAP if AMC) on the trigger, frontrun it with small size if possible.
2. What if it's dancing around the trigger?
3. What if the price doesn't respect the trigger breaks above/under the trigger? How do you differentiate it from dancing? Also, try to categorize the action.
4. What if it's bounced off the trigger?
5. What if it borke the trigger so hard that the retest would be too wide or unrealistic?

What if it feels like the pullback taking too much time? What's the nature of the pullback?
What if it has pullbacked nor that close to the trigger nor to a reasonable round number?
How to rate trigger's quality?
What's the plan during the regular session?
What about 2days?


1. KBH: vdrk with retest + 1min cndl bo looks nice. Timing: open
2. JHX: VWAP is kinda the setup, but it was a lotto (no triggerr close by - just hanging in the middle of the window)
3. ACN: well this one was trading at really light volume, but you could argue that 2/3min cndl bo is the setup here after the initial move. Didn't retested the window perfectly tho. It was trading just fking between two major levels before going. There was also a clearer opportunity at 11:30; I think these should be 5min cndl bo but 2/3 min also worked.
4. BKKT: The pullback was too fast for anything nire than 1min, but you could also argue that you should take after first signs of pullback ater such a perfect trigger retest. Didn't work tho. Open vdrk was cool too: 1min cndl bo was the way; didnt work properly as well tho XD
5. AFRM: the mfkng dancing around the trigger. Any 1/2/3 cndl bo would've decimated you. VWAP as well (even tho it was looking like it's holding it). In this case it decided to retest the MA200, which I guess should be considered as a trigger as well. The pullback was rather deep (60%). VWAP after 11 didn't work. This thing just done a huge ass reversal - no wonder the pullback was so deep.
6. KSS: could've made smthing really fast on the first cndl bo with no decent retest
7. HSAI: wtf is this reversal and a flat top breakout kind of momentum at 10 AM lol. VWAP around 11 AM also worked.
